The first stage of ML is to
train an ML model with examples. The form of machine learning that we'll
be focused on in this specialization is called supervised learning. And in supervised learning
we start from examples. An example consists of a label and
an input. For example, suppose we want to train
a machine learning model to look at images and
identify what's in those images. The true answer is called the label. So cat for the first image, and dog for
the second image, those are the labels. The image itself, the pixels of
the image are the input to the model. The model itself is
a mathematical function of a form that can be applied
to a wide variety of problems. There are many such
mathematical functions. The models used in machine learning have
a bunch of adjustable parameters though, all of them do. Then when we train a model, what we're doing is that we're making
tiny adjustments to the model. So that the output of the model,
the output of the mathematical function, is as close as possible to the true
answer for any given input. Of course,
we don't do this on one image at a time. The idea is to adjust
the mathematical function so that overall, the outputs of the model for the set of training inputs is as close
as possible to the training labels. The key thing is that machine learning,
at least, machine learning of the form that
we'll consider in this course. The most mature form of machine learning relies on having a data
set of labeled examples. And by labeled examples,
we mean the input and the true answer. And after the model is trained, we can use it to predict the label of
images that it has never seen before. Here, we are inputting to
the trained model this image. And because the network has been trained,
it is correctly able to output cat. Notice that the cat image on this slide
is different from the one before it. It still works because the machine
learning model has generalized from the specific examples of cat
images that we showed it to a more general idea of what a cat is and
what it looks like. The key to making a machine learning
model generalized is data, and lots and lots of it. Having labeled the data is a precondition
for successful machine learning. It is important to realize that
machine learning has two stages, training and inference. Sometimes people refer to
prediction as inference, because prediction seems
to imply a future state. In the case of images like this, we're
not really predicting that it's a cat, just inferring that it's a cat
based on the pixel data. It can be tempting as a data
scientist to focus all your energy on the first stage,
on training. But this is not enough, you need to
be able to operationalize the model, put the model into production so
that you can run inferences. Look at many books on machine learning,
blog posts, university courses, they tend to
ignore the second stage of ML. But in the real world, what is the use of training a machine
learning model if you cannot use it? In this specialization, we'll be careful
to show you machine learning end-to-end. And by end-to-end, we mean putting
machine learning models into production.