Have you used Google Docs? How is it different from documents
edited in a desktop editor? Have you filed taxes online? How is the experience different from
doing your taxes in a desktop program? There are lots of benefits, but
one key aspect is collaboration. You don't have to email documents back and
forth. You can work on your taxes,
alongside your accountant. When I first started doing
scientific research, collaborating n a single
result was painful. I'd write some code and create a graph and
then I would create a snapshot, create the image file, put it into a doc, create
a PDF and send it to my collaborator. And a few hours later,
my colleague would say, looks great, but could you add one more year of data? It looks kind of sparse. And I'd go through the process
all over again, why? Because the PDF I'd sent
along was not editable. Round trips took a long time. Enter Python notebooks. I'd write the code, create the graph,
write some commentary and send the notebook link to my colleague. And when my colleague wanted to add one
more year of data, she would simply edit the cell, look at the new graph and
then say see, looks a lot better. And that was great. We now had a better notebook
to do the next step. But one problem with
traditional notebooks, who runs the server
that hosts these pages? Whose machine? If it is mine and my machine goes to
sleep, then my colleague can't work. When your Datalab notebook
is hosted in the cloud, you can develop together quite easily. And just as Google Docs are available,
even when your computer isn't on. So too are Datalab notebooks,
when you run them on the cloud. To share a notebook within a project, other users can simply Datalab connect
to the VM and work using the url. Another way to share notebooks is through
revision control systems such as Git. Cloud also frees you from being
constrained by hardware limitations. Not only can you run Datalab in
any computer instance you want, you can also change the machine
specs after it's been provisioned. You can go to the web console,
find the running VM, stop it and restart it with a new
machine configuration. As a developer, to work in Datalab, you simply connect
the VM that's running the notebook server. The notebooks themselves
can be persisted in Git, so you can delete the VM if
you don't need it anymore. And when you run the notebook,
the computation is carried out on the VM.