So let's say you've been
working with Datalab and you're running Python code, and
you realize you need more memory. What do you do? Well, one of the things that you can do
is you can simply rehost the notebook. So here for example, I'm on the web
console and I see that there is a mydatalabvm, this is the virtual
machine that's actually running Datalab. I can go ahead and select this VM, stop it And at this point,
the VM has been stopped. And once a virtual machine is stopped,
we can change its machine type. Notice that at this point,
the earthquake VM is running, whereas the mydatalabvm is stopped. And I will go ahead and click on the
mydatalabvm and click on the Edit button. And at this point, I can change
the machine type from 1 virtual CPU with 4 gigs of memory to have 4 CPUs with
15 gigs of memory, for example. And having done that,
I can then basically go ahead and save it. At this point, the Datalab VM,
it now has more CPUs but it still stopped. And if it stopped, I'm not paying for
it other than for the disks, etc. I'm not paying for
the computer associated with it. When I'm ready to start it up again,
I will go ahead and select this and start it. And at this point, the darker image that's going to be
running Datalab will also get started. So one this VM is up, I will have Datalab
running, but this time, the Datalab is going to be running in a virtual
machine that is a lot more powerful. And when I'm done with it,
I can go ahead and stop the machine, because I'm not using it anymore. Or I could also stop the machine and bring it back down to a less powerful
instance, and fire it up again. So this is a very easy way to go ahead and rehost your Datalab notebooks if you
ever need notebooks running on machines that are of different powers because
you need them for different projects. More commonly though, we will just
run our Datalab machine on any one standard one VM, just the basic
plain vanilla virtual machine. Because what you're going to actually be
doing is that most of the work that you want to do is going to get done in
serverless managed services on the cloud. So whether we are doing data exploration
or we are doing machine learning, we will just submit the job and have it
be carried out on hundreds of machines. So we are not going to be really concerned
about running Datalab on a slightly more powerful machine. Why bother with a slightly
more powerful machine, when you can get hundreds of machines?