Hello and welcome again, to the course. Before we get too deep
in the lectures here, I want to preview the interactive hands
on labs platform called Qwiklabs, and how you'll actually be practicing a lot of
the things that you're going to learn here inside of real
Google Cloud Platform accounts. But you don't need your own credentials, those are actually going to
be provided for you. So, just take a look at how
the lab platform is set up. Inside of Coursera,
you're actually going to see a lab or an item that's marked out for
an external tool to open up, and you're going to click on that tool. After that you're going to see
a Start Lab button in green and a timer associated with it for
you to complete the lab in that duration. After you click that Start Lab,
credentials for your student accounts are automatically going to be provided
to you in a new box is going to pop up. In addition, there's going to
be another button that says Open Google Console in yellow. And once you open that up, that's going to ask you to log
in to the Google Cloud Platform with the key caveat and
you log in with a student account and not your personal account should
you already have one set up. And last but not the least, we'll do a few demos and
walk-throughs of what the UI looks like. So, let's take a look. So, inside an example Coursera course, you're going to come across a lab
that looks something like this. This is just an example, this is lab 0 but it could be any of the labs
that you might find. Once you clicked on that, you'll see a check box that's
going to authorize the lab to run and you accept the terms and conditions for
Coursera and you click on Open Tool. And once you click open tool, it's going
to bring you to the Qwiklabs environment and a couple of key things to notice here. On the right hand side is your
instructions paying for the actual lab. Now this lab's a medal lab,
it's all about Qwiklabs in general. But whatever you course is,
this is what the instructions for completing the lab
are going to take place. So you always want to
keep this prompt open. Now once you actually click Start Lab,
a provision instance of the Google Cloud platform complete with any additional
instances or say you're working with VMs. If there is something that the lab
provider wanted you to have, it's actually going to be created
inside of this lab instance for you, which is a great thing,
it's a Sandbox instance. Now, once you noticed I click Start Lab,
I have 15 minutes to complete this lab. I promise you that the timers are going to
be associated with additional padding for the labs that you're going to do. This isn't going to mean it's
going to take us 15 minutes, this will take as maybe
about five minutes. Style-wise, I mentioned before,
you have the username and password, and a project ID. What I'll ask you to do now is
click on Open Google Console. And once you've opened Google Console, you'll be be asked to
sign up with your email. Now the key thing here is if you use
google resources before immediately you start typing your personal email I do it
all the time make sure you go back to your lab credentials screen and copy and paste
the user name that's autogenerated here. It's going to be unique for you and
it's actually going to be unique for every lab that you run. So it we'll be creating a new soon
account for each lab that you run. Copy and paste that password which is
going to be different from mine, so don't worry about copying that down. Click Next in your browser,
paste in that password, accept the terms, Don't worry about setting up
a secondary phone number, accept the terms of
the Google Cloud Platform. And once you see a screen that looks
like this, then you're good to go. Make sure, key tidbit,
is this is your project selector, it should be this auto generated
Qwiklabs alpha numeric. If you happen to see something that says
either select a project or if you see something that says Qwiklabs resources,
you actually want to click on this. And make sure to select your alphanumeric
Qwiklabs' ID, and then go ahead and hit open. Once you're within here you're good to go. So follow the instructions for
the rest of the lab. It's going to guide you
through what products and services you're going to be working with. You can access the menu of products and
services in the upper left hand corner here, or if it's a lab
that's working for Cloud Shell. All the way up here,
is the button to activate Cloud Shell, which will open up that terminal
instance for Google Cloud Platform. Last few things, back here, you see that
our timer is automatically running still, once you're completed with the lab,
you're done with it. Or if you wanted to take
a another attempt at the lab, you have upwards of three attempts for
lab which is great. So say you want to run to the lab
very quickly the first time and then experiment and
explore within the second time. You are welcome to do that for
a couple of times. Now make sure in order to get completion
starts properly recorded click on End Lab. You'll be faced with a prompt that says,
are you all done? Once you click End Lab, your project,
any data sets, anything that you've been working with inside of this Ssandbox
project is going to be deleted. So make sure if you have any
queries that you're running or any interesting that you have saved inside
of your Google Cloud Platform Qwiklabs' account, that you copy and paste those and
save them some where else. Perhaps in your own personal
Google Cloud Platform account or some where locally on our machine. And once you've clicked End Lab,
then you can add feedback for the lab, and you can continue moving around
the rest of the course in Coursera. So again, quick recap, the only key
things to remember is click and Open Tool that will open up Qwiklabs. The second is in order to get those
credentials here on the left hand side, you have to click Start Lab,
which again, kicks off the timer. And there's no way to pause once
the lab has started, but again, keep in mind you have multiple attempts. And lastly,
click on End Lab when you're ready to complete out the lab that
you've been working on. That's it, good luck with the labs that
come later on and enjoy the course.