All right. Here's a nice quiz. Which of these features will be difficult to get enough examples for? So again, let's consider that we're trying to predict the number of customers that use a discount coupon, and we have as a feature for example, the percent discount of the coupon. So, let's have a coupon that's a 10 percent discount. Well, I'm sure we'll have at least five samples hopefully of a 10 percent discount coupon code being used as mean your promotions success, and if you had say a five percent off coupon or 15 percent off, nationally we have at least five samples of these at least five. Perhaps if you gave one special customer an 85 percent discount, because you use that your dataset? Well no. You're not going have enough samples or examples that 85 percent is now way too specific. You don't have enough examples that 85 percent discount, so, you've got to throw it out, or we have to find five, at least five samples, where you did give somebody an 85 percent discount. So, it's great if we have discrete values. But what happens if you have continuous numbers? Well, it's a continuous. You may have to group them up, and then see if we have discrete bands, you'll have at least five examples in each band that grouping, Okay, onto number two, the date that a promotional offer starts, can we use that? Assuming again you have to group things, all promotional offers that start in January. You have at least five promotional offers that started in January, or you have at least five promotional offers that started in February. If you don't, you may have to group things yet again, you may not even be able to use date, you may not even be able to use month, you might have to use something like quarter. Do you have at least five examples of things that started in Q1 and Q2 and Q3 and Q4 for example. You may have to group up your values, see you have enough examples of each value. Next up, the number of customers who open an advertising email. Yes. Well, whatever number you pick, hopefully you have enough examples of that. You have different types of advertising emails, you may have some that have been opened by a thousand people, and some that have opened by 1,200, and some that have been open by 8000. Maybe you'll have enough to get to the very tail end of your distribution, and then you only have one email that was actually opened by 15 million customers, and you know that's an outlier. So, then you can't use that 15 million in your dataset.