Hi, I'm Fereshteh, a solutions architect at Google. As a Big Data and Machine Learning Specialist, my job is to help businesses build large scale data pipelines based on Google Cloud Platform. Once they have an abundance of business data available in cloud, together with my customers we applying machine learning to discover hidden patterns in the data and find answers to interesting business questions. Welcome to the fifth course in this specialization. Let us start by quickly recapping where we are. If you started the journey from the beginning, you'd remember the first mock on course looked into the integral role that machine learning played at Google and how we use it internally. If you didn't start from the beginning, it's okay, it's your journey, you can enjoy it how it makes sense to you. In the second course, we launched into machine learning by reviewing the history of machine learning and some of the fundamental concepts such as how to formulate a problem as a machine learning model, how to measure the performance of a model, how to optimize the training process, how to generalize a model so that it can perform well on unseen data and other such fundamentals. The third course introduced TensorFlow, are open source library for numerical computation. It's flexible architecture that allows you to deploy machine learning models on any hardware, and more importantly, distribute the computation among tens, hundreds or tens of thousands of nodes to tackle problems of any scale. The fourth course was all about feature engineering. We went over tips and tricks on how to apply your domain knowledge and manually engineering features. And that brings us to this course, The Art and Science of Machine Learning. This course consists of six modules. First, you'll learn about aspects of machine learning that require some intuition, good judgment, and experimentation. We call it the art of ML. We will learn the many knobs and levers involved in training a model. You will manually adjust them to see their effects on model performance. Once familiar with the knobs and levers, otherwise known as hyper parameters, in module two you will learn how to tune them in an automatic way. By module three, you'll be ready to spice things up by pinch of science. And that will save in nicely into modules four when you will learn the science involved in training neural networks. In module five, you'll learn the important concept of embeddings which is all about representing discrete objects such as words as real valued vectors. Up until module six, you'll be working with TensorFlow's pre-built estimators such as DNN Regressor. In module six, you'll take a deep dive into building your own custom estimators. Ready? Let's get started.