Babies are precious. Some of them need urgent care
immediately after they're born. The sorts of doctors who can provide
such care, however, are scarce. In a perfect world, we'd know
precisely where to send doctors so that the babies who need them
can get the care that they need. But we don't live in that world. How might this be an ML problem? Well, if we knew which babies
needed care before they were born, we can make sure we had doctors
on hand to care for them. Assuming we want to make predictions
before the baby is born, which of these could be
a feature in our model? Mother's age, birth time, baby weight. Assuming we want to make predictions
before the baby is born, which of these could be
a label in our model? Mother's age, birth time, baby weight. If you didn't know the answers
to these questions, that's okay, because a lot of this is
quite domain specific. What you should have intuitions about,
however, are when the information is available relative to when we want
to actually make predictions. In this case, birth time is not available
to us until well after the baby is born, and so we can't use it. Baby weight also happens to be
an important indicator of baby health. Mother's age is something we can observe
and which is predictive of baby weight. So this seems like a good
candidate ML problem, because there is a demonstrated need
to know something that is too expensive to wait for, baby health, and
which seems to be predictable beforehand. Assuming that we've chosen
baby weight as out label, what sort of ML problem is this? As a hint, remember that baby
weight is a continuous number. For now,
let's treat this as a regression problem. And to simplify things, let's consider
only the feature mother's age and the label baby weight. This data comes from a data set
collected by the US government and it's called the natality data set,
because natality means birth. It's available as a public
data set in BigQuery. Often the first step to modeling
data is to look at the data to verify that there is some signal and
that it's not all noise. Here I've graphed baby weight as
a function of mother's age using a scatter plot. We usually make scatter plots
from samples of large data sets, rather than from the whole thing. Why use samples? Firstly, because scatter plotting too
much data is computationally infeasible. And secondly, with lots of data, scatter
plots become visually hard to interpret. Note that there seems to be a small, positive relationship between
mother's age and baby weight. Here is a new sort of plot that
uses the same two variables, but unlike a scatter plot which
represents data individually, this graph represents groups of data,
specifically quantiles. As a result, we need in
the sample before building it and there's consequently no risk of
getting a non-representative sample. As an added bonus,
the results are also repeatable, and the process parallelizable. I made this plot, which looks at about 22
gigabytes of data, in just a few seconds. We'll cover how to create
graphs like this later on. So do you see any relationship in
the data just by looking at it? You might have noticed something that
wasn't apparent on our scatter plot, baby weight seems to reach its
maximum when mothers are around 30 and it tapers off as mothers
get both older and younger. This suggests a non-linear relationship, which is both something that wasn't
apparent in our scatter plot. And an ominous sign, given our intention to model this
relationship with a linear model. In fact, our intention to model
a non-linear function with a linear model is an example of what's
called underfitting. You might wonder why we're not
using a more complex type of model. Here it's for pedagogical reasons. We'll talk later about model selection and
a concept known as overfitting. In short, there are risks that
are proportional to model complexity. It appears that there is a slight positive
relationship between mother's age and baby weight. We're going to model this with a line. Given that we're using a linear model,
our earlier intuition translates into an upward sloping line with
a positive y intercept. We've eyeballed the data
to select this line, but how do we know whether the line
should be higher or lower? How do we know it's in the right place? How, for example, do we know it's
actually better than this other line? Those of you who have taken statistics
may remember seeing a process for determining the best weights for
a line called least squares regression. And it's true that there are ways of
analytically determining the best possible weights for linear models. The problem is that these solutions
only work up to a certain scale. Once you start using really big data sets, the computation required to analytically
solve this problem becomes impractical. What do you do when an analytical
solution is no longer an option? You use gradient descent. Let’s start by thinking about optimization
as a search in parameter-space. Remember that our simple linear model
has two parameters, a weight term and a bias term. Because they are both real valued, we can
think of the space of all combinations of values for these two parameters
as points in 2D space. But remember, we're looking for
the best value. So how does one point in parameter-space
compare to another with respect to quality? Well, first we need to reframe
the question a little. Because input spaces, which are the space where the data live,
are often themselves infinite, it's not possible to evaluate the
parameters on every point in input space. And so, as we often do, we estimate
what this calculation would look like using what we have, our training data. And to do that, we'll need to somehow
generalize from the quality of a prediction for a single data point,
which is simply the error of that prediction, to a number that captures
the quality of a group of predictions. The functions that do this
are known as loss functions.